#DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE - Provide question in format querry?answer
What is ATM? ATM is cash withdrawl machine.
How do I update my contact information? If you have Online Access Home Banking you can update your address and contact information quickly and easily. Simply login and select My Settings in the upper right, then select Update Contact Information. You may also complete the Change of Address form on or website or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will be happy to assist you.   
How do I close my EECU account? We need your signature in order to close your account. You may write a letter and mail or fax it to us, or visit an EECU branch to close your account. Our fax number is 559-451-0372.  
Do you send 1099 tax reporting forms via e-mail? For security purposes we are unable to provide any account information through e-mail. For your convenience, 1099 information is printed on the last page of your December statement.  
How can I get copies of past statements? If you have Online Access Home Banking you have immediate access to your current and past statements - at no charge. Or, you may visit any EECU branch or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 to request statement copies. Refer to our Schedule of Fees for the current statement copy fee.  
Do you provide interest income statements for tax purposes? We mail 1099 interest income tax forms in January. If you earned less than Dollar 10.00 of interest for the year, you will not receive a 1099 form from us. If this is the case, your December statement will show interest paid to you for the year.  
How do I open a second account with EECU? To open a second account, you will need to fill out a Master Account Application. You may visit any branch office, or call our Member Service Center to have a form mailed to you. You may also apply online at https://www.myeecu.org/home/forms/membershipapplication. A completed signature card will be mailed to you for your signature. Upon receiving the signature card, you may return it to any branch office, or mail it to PO Box 5242, Fresno, CA 93755. Be sure to include the minimum deposit of Dollar 5.00 per member for the savings account, and an additional Dollar 5 if you open a checking account.  
What is the minimum balance to earn dividends on my savings account? Dividends are paid on savings accounts with balances of Dollar 250 of more.  
How many withdrawals can I make from my savings account each month? Federal Regulation D limits the number of transfers/withdrawals from your savings account each month to six (6) when using Personal Telephone Access, Online Access Home Banking, phone/fax, preauthorized automatic ACH transfers, and overdraft transfers. After the sixth transaction using one of these methods, all other savings account-related transactions will be denied, even if funds are available in the account. You can make unlimited transfers/withdrawals from your savings account at an ATM, in person at any EECU branch, or by mail.  
How do I change my last name on my account? To change your name, you may visit any branch office and request to complete a new Master Account Card (signature card). If the change is due to marriage, you will need to present your marriage certificate (legal document) as well as your California drivers license. All owners on the account must sign the new signature card to change your account information.  
What is a Holiday Wise Club account? Our Holiday Wise Club account allows you to save for holiday expenses while earning a higher interest rate than you would receive on a regular share savings account. The account matures on November 1 and the funds and dividends are automatically transferred to your savings or checking account.  
Does EECU offer Safety Deposit Boxes? We do not offer safety deposit boxes, but many financial institutions do and will not require you to have an account in order to open a safety deposit box. You may want to call other institutions to find out which one will best suit your needs.
Does EECU offer CDs or Certificates? EECU is a full-service financial institution offering savings and checking accounts, Share and IRA certificates, consumer and real estate loans, Visa credit cards, investment and insurance services, and much more. For more information about our products and services, please browse the product page of our website or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328  
Can I make arrangements with EECU to ensure use of my ATM/Debit/ Credit card while traveling? If you have Online Access Home Banking, login to our full site and complete the Traveling Members form in the Additional Services menu. Or, you may call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.  
How do I transfer funds from my Holiday Wise Club to my checking account? You may transfer funds from your Holiday Wise Club account to your checking account by visiting any branch office or calling our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU. Please be advised that early withdrawals/transfers from your Holiday Wise Club, prior to Club year end on October 31, will result in the loss of all dividends paid through the club year.  
If I close an EECU account and open a new one, will my payroll check be deposited into my new account automatically? As a courtesy to our members who have had changes to their accounts and are still expecting electronic deposits, Educational Employees Credit Union will manually post all electronic deposits for a period of 60 days regardless of the frequency of those deposits. If you regularly monitor your account and you do not see a deposit being made within the time that it is expected, please notify us by e-mail or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and we will look into the matter for you.  
How do I add my spouse to my account? You will need to complete a new signature card in order to add your spouse to your account. You may e-mail us with your request, or call the Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.  
How do I request a new laminated membership card? You may e-mail us with your request, or call the Member Service Center at 437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.  
Does a 'domestic partner' qualify for membership? Our membership is open to school employees, students, members of school organizations, and their family members. Once you're a member you create eligibility for other family members and household members. Family members include spouses, parents, registered domestic partners, children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, grandparents, siblings, step-parents, step-children, step-siblings, and adoptive relationships; household members are defined as those persons living in the same residence and maintaining a single economic unit. If your registered domestic partner qualifies for membership based on these guidelines, that person is eligible to open an account. If your partner does not qualify for membership under our guidelines or on his/her own, you are welcome to add your partner as a Joint Owner on your account.  
Does EECU offer Savings Bonds? We do not offer savings bonds, however you may purchase them online from the federal government. For more information, visit their web site at http://www.publicdebt.treas.gov/.  
Does EECU offer Individual Retirement Accounts ? Yes, we offer Traditional and Roth Individual Retirement Accounts. Both are available as IRA Share Savings or IRA Share Certificate accounts. We also offer the Coverdell Education Savings Account. To open an IRA, please call the Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 or visit any EECU branch.  
Can I keep my credit union account if I move away? Once a member, always a member. As long as you keep Dollar 5 in your savings account (Dollar 10 for joint membership), your credit union account will remain open and you can continue to enjoy the benefits of EECU membership.  
Does EECU offer Trust Accounts? Yes, EECU offers revocable trust accounts. A revocable trust can be changed by the Trustor(s) of the account. By establishing a trust, members can avoid having their assets go through the probate courts which may involve excessive delays, high costs and unnecessary publicity. For more information regarding a Trust account and how it may benefit you, we recommend consulting a legal professional.  
How do I apply for a job with the credit union? Resumes may be sent to our email address, jobs@myeecu.org. Our preferred format is Microsoft Word or plain text. You may also mail your resume to Educational Employees Credit Union, P.O. Box 5242, Fresno, CA 93755, or pick up an employment application at any EECU branch.  
Can I add someone to my account who is not eligible for membership? If you already have an account with the credit union and you qualified for membership under our guidelines, you may add a Joint Owner to your account. A new Master Account Card will need to be completed to add a Joint Owner.  
Do you offer accounts for kids? Yes. Children under 18 with a Social Security Number who meet our eligibility requirements can become a member of the credit union. The parent or legal guardian is required to be a Joint Owner on the account unless the minor can complete the account card, sign their name and provide a photo ID. For a checking account, ATM Card or access to the account using Personal Telephone Access (PTA) or Online Access Home Banking, a parent/guardian Joint Owner is required. The parent must sign for the child if the child can not, as well as sign for themselves. Minor accounts earn dividends on balances above Dollar 0.  
Can I apply for online access to my child's account? You may enroll a minor account in Online Access; however, a parent or guardian on the account is required to sign the application. You may apply for this service by visiting one of our branch locations or by contacting EECU at 1-800-538-3328.  
Does EECU exchange foreign currency? We do not exchange foreign currency. You might want to check with an airport since some airports deal in foreign currency, or check with other financial institutions to see if they offer this service.  
Will I receive an account statement every month? If you do not have a checking account or electronic access such as an ATM/Debit card, your statement is only sent quarterly. If you would like to request that your statements be sent to you monthly, please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.  
Does EECU redeem Savings Bonds? Because we do not offer savings bonds, we are unable to redeem them.  
Does EECU offer investment counseling or financial planning services? Our Member Investment and Insurance Services investment professionals can help you design an investment plan to meet your goals and objectives. You can meet one-on-one at a branch location that is convenient for you, and it is easy to schedule an appointment. For more information or to schedule an appointment, visit our web site and select Investments from the Services menu, or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.  
I'd like to add a sub-share to my account. Do I have to come into a branch to do it? If you are an existing member of Educational Employees Credit Union, you may open a sub-share account by mail or telephone. Please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and a representative will assist you.  
Is it possible to remove a person from my account? Yes. The ideal way in which to remove a joint owner from the account is to visit one of our branch locations and have the person who is to be removed from the account sign a release of interest card. You will then be required to fill out and sign a form to update your account. If this is not an option, you may close the current account and open a new one in your name only.  
Does EECU disclose any of my account information with other companies? EECU values the trust that you place in us to protect the personal information you provide when obtaining financial services. We do not share your personal information with outside third parties for reasons other than those described in the Privacy Policy on our website. Because we do not share information, our Privacy Policy is fairly simple and easy to understand.  
Can I designate a different beneficiary for each of the suffixes and certificates on my account? Due to the structure of accounts at EECU, the beneficiary you designate for one suffix is the beneficiary of all share suffixes, share draft (checking) and other share certificates listed for that account number. However, if you would like to designate a single beneficiary for a suffix or certificate, you may do so by opening a separate account. The person you designate would then be beneficiary to only the suffixes and/or certificates on that account.  
How do I change the beneficiary(s) on my account? You will need to complete and sign a new membership card so we may update our records with the correct information.
What is a dormant account? California's Unclaimed Property Law stipulates that the balance of accounts with no activity for the last three years be remitted to the state controller's office as abandoned property. If you do not deposit to, withdraw from, or show a personal interest in your credit union account, the balance will become unclaimed property and will be escheated to the state. In order to prevent escheatment, you must show a continuing interest by making a deposit to or withdrawal from your account.  
How do I change my address? There are several ways to update your contact information. Login to Online Access Home Banking and select My Settings (top right menu), then select Update Contact Information. You may also complete the change of address form on our website. Or, give us a call at 1-800-538-3328.
How do I report a lost or stolen ATM/Debit Card? Contact the credit union immediately at 1-800-538-3328 (including after hours) to report a lost or stolen EECU ATM/Debit Card.  
What is the daily withdrawal limit on my ATM/Debit Card? Depending on the card type, you may withdraw Dollar 100 - Dollar 500 per day. Feel free to contact the credit union at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538EECU for more information regarding your specific card limit.  
If my ATM/Debit card is damaged, how do I get a replacement card?  Visit any branch or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU. Your damaged card will be disabled and a replacement card will be ordered for you.  
I can't remember my ATM/Debit Card PIN. What do I do? If you'd like to change your Visa Debit Card PIN, call PIN Now at 1-888-891-2435 from the number on file for your account; the PIN will be effective immediately.  
What should I do if my ATM/Debit Card is used fraudulently? Contact the credit union as soon as possible at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU Monday  Friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., and Saturday 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.  
What is the difference between an ATM Card and Debit Card? A Debit Card works just like a standard ATM card, but with one big advantage - you can use your Debit Card at any merchant displaying the Visa logo. The purchase amount is deducted from your checking account, and you will receive a monthly statement of your Debit Card activity.  
My ATM card is expiring soon. Will you send me a new one or do I need to call? We will send you a new card prior to the expiration date shown on the front of the card. If you do not receive a card prior to the expiration date, please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.  
How do I sign up for the ATM/Debit Card Purchase Rewards program? You don't have to sign up or enroll in Purchase Rewards. Simply use your EECU ATM/Debit card to make purchases and the Purchase Rewards offers will be displayed in Online Access. 
How do I request to have my ATM withdrawal limit increased temporarily? Educational Employees Credit Union is unable to change the withdrawal limits for ATM transactions. However, if you prefer to make a purchase with your card at the point of sale, we may be able to temporarily increase your purchase limit. Currently, most purchases by debit card are limited to Dollar 2500 in transactions per day. Please contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and a representative will assist you.  
How will I know if an ATM is a CO-OP ATM? If the ATM is part of the CO-OP ATM Network, youll see a sticker on the ATM with the CO-OP logo. If you see this logo, you can use the ATM free of charge.  
Are there fees for using my ATM or Debit Card? There are no fees for using your EECU ATM or Debit Card at any EECU ATM or CO-OP ATM. However, some financial institutions impose a surcharge fee at their ATM if you're not their customer. EECU may also charge network fees if you use an ATM other than EECU or CO-OP ATMs.  
Where do I go to view Purchase Rewards offers? In the full site, the Purchase Reward offers are displayed on the Accounts screen and the Checking Account transactions screen. New offers will be labeled as New Offers until you click to activate them. Once clicked, the reward is loaded onto the associated debit card. Simply click on an offer to view the details. To view Purchase Rewards in the mobile app, login and select the More icon and then select Offers.  
What is the Purchase Rewards program? The Purchase Rewards program lets you earn rewards by using your EECU debit card to purchase merchandise and services. The program is available to all debit cardholders. Through this program, you'll receive targeted offers to receive rewards on purchases based on how you shop. As a cardholder, there is no limit to the rewards you can earn. So, the more you use your EECU debit card, the more offers you can receive and the more rewards you can earn!  
Why haven't I received any Purchase Reward offers? Offers are based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to your shopping patterns. If you don't frequently use your debit card, you may not be receiving any offers. The more you use your EECU debit card, the more chances you will have to receive relevant offers!  
Why am I charged a fee when I use my ATM card at some ATMs but not at others? If you use your ATM card at a non-EECU ATM you may incur network fees from the other financial institution. If an EECU ATM is not in your area, we recommend using a Co-Op ATM. Withdrawals, deposits and transfers made at a Co-Op ATM are fee-free. The Co-Op logo is printed on the back of your ATM/debit card; look for this logo on the ATM. For non-Co-Op ATMs, the network charges Dollar 0.50 for inquiries, and Dollar 1.00 for cash withdrawals and transfers. EECU does not charge nor do we benefit from those fees, and they may vary from location to location. A prompt or disclaimer should appear before the transaction is completed, subject to applicable laws.  
Is it possible to stop a pending debit card purchase made online? To stop a purchase made online with your EECU debit card, we recommend contacting the merchant to whom the payment was made and try to cancel the transaction. If this is not possible you may call our Member Service Center to block your card, however it may take up to 10 business days to issue you a replacement card. If the payment to which you are referring is fraudulent, you may submit a letter of dispute to EECU, however this will also result in blocking your debit card. Please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538EECU and one of our representatives will assist you.  
What is a CoOp ATM? Co-Op is a network of credit unions that agree to let other credit union members use their ATMs without paying a surcharge fee.  
I see Purchase Rewards offers, but I don't have a debit card. How do I take advantage of these offers? Please ask an EECU representative about getting a debit card associated with that account so you can start taking advantage of your offers!  
How do I redeem Purchase Reward offers? To redeem the offer, simply click on it to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then, shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward. Each offer has different details regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code. Please read the details to determine how to redeem each offer and start earning rewards.  
What types of transactions can I make at a CoOp ATM? You can make withdrawals, transfers, and balance inquiries. If you see the Co-Op Deposit logo you can also make a deposit at the ATM  free of charge!  
Someone I know received a Purchase Rewards offer I want. How can I receive that offer as well? Each offer received through the rewards program is based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to you. Since everyones transaction history is different, there is no specific way to get someone elses offer other than to have the same transactional history as that Cardholder. 
I recently purchased gas and my EECU account shows the gas station taking out a different amount than I purchased. Why are the amounts different? It is common practice with some gas stations to place a hold on debit cards for Dollar 1- Dollar 100 until the actual debit is completed, depending on the policy of the merchant. Educational Employees Credit Union is not able to release or dispute pre-authorization holds that merchants place on debit cards. The good news is that pre-authorization holds do not result in a real charge; they are just a temporary. The amount that is debited from your account is the amount shown on your receipt.  
I made an error in a deposit made at an ATM. How do I fix it? Our ATM department carefully audits all ATM transactions. When a difference is found between what was entered electronically and what was deposited, an adjustment is made accordingly. Depending on the type of error, you may be informed about the transaction and correction.  
My Purchase Rewards offer expired, can I still redeem it? No, once an offer has expired there is no way to retrieve it. You can view expiration dates for all your offers on the rewards summary page.  
If I return merchandise used to redeem a Purchase Rewards offer, do I keep my rewards? Yes, you will keep any rewards earned.  
What are the requirements to redeem a Purchase Rewards offer? To redeem the offer, simply click on it to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward. Each offer has different details regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code. Please read the details to determine how to redeem each offer and start earning rewards.  
I forgot to endorse a check when I deposited it through the ATM. What will happen? Generally speaking there is no adverse action that will result from the lack of endorsing a check, unless an endorsement is required by the maker of the check. This stipulation usually applies to government-issued checks such as Tax Return checks, checks from mortgage companies, etc. If the check you deposited does not require an endorsement and you are the only payee on the check, your deposit should process without delay.  
How do I earn Purchase Rewards? This rewards program is based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to you. The more you use your EECU debit card, the more chances you have to receive offers. To earn rewards, click on an offer to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward.  
Why didn't I receive my Purchase Rewards when I made my purchase? Rewards are not received at the point of purchase because no personally identifiable information is passed to the retailers. On average, you will receive rewards for redeemed offers approximately one month after the month the redemptions were made. For example, redemptions made in September will typically be credited to your account at the end of October. Check the rewards summary page on the website to ensure the purchase qualifies as redemption of the offer.  
Is there a list of all CoOp ATMs? Yes. Go to our web site, myEECU.org, and enter your search criteria in the ATM/Branch Locator tool on the home page. All of the Co-Op ATMs that meet your search criteria will be listed; you can view directions or send the information via e-mail.  
Im traveling and need to find an ATM. Can you help me? If youre traveling within the United States, the quickest way to find an EECU or CO-OP ATM is through our mobile app or via text message. Just select the Locations option in our mobile app and enter your search criteria. You can also send a text message to MYCOOP with your location (address, city, state), zip code or intersection (with city, state) and we'll text you back with the closest ATM location. We also have a locator tool on our web site, myEECU.org. If you're traveling outside the United States, visit the Cirrus web site. 
When do I receive the rewards for the Purchase Reward offers I redeem? Your rewards will typically be deposited to your account the month after you redeem the offer. Since we do not share your personal information with retailers, we cannot credit your account immediately at the time of purchase. For example, any rewards you redeem in the month of September typically will be credited to your account at the end of October. If you would like to see the offers you have redeemed or the total value of the offers you have redeemed, please visit the rewards summary page. 
What is the difference between using my debit card as a debit transaction or a credit transaction? At the time of a purchase, whether you opt for 'credit' or 'debit' the funds will come from the same source, your checking account. The Visa logo on the card allows you to use the card anywhere Visa is accepted. Once a purchase is made, the funds are either debited immediately from the account or they are placed on hold until the merchant completes the transaction. Either way the funds are no longer available in the account. For more information about your EECU debit card, please visit us at www.myEECU.org and click on 'e-Services,' ATM/Debit Card and read the Electronic Services Disclosure.  
Are there fees for using a COOP ATM? EECU's board of directors approved waiving the network fees for our members who use CO-OP ATMs. So, you wont pay a surcharge fee at CO-OP ATMs and you also wont pay any network fees. In fact, youll pay no fees at all!  
What is the difference between ATM surcharge and network fees? A surcharge fee is imposed by a financial institution to offset the cost of non-members/customers using their ATMs. A network fee is charged by the network (Cirrus, Star, etc.) to process your transaction at an ATM that is not owned by your financial institution. 
Will blocking my debit card create an issue with checks clearing my account?  Your debit card and checks are separate access tools to your checking account and the numbers of the debit card do not coincide with your checks. If it is necessary to block your debit card, it will have no affect on your checks unless you also inform EECU that your checks have been compromised.
What should I do if I saw a Purchase Rewards offer earlier, but when I went to view it the offer wasn't there anymore? The offer either expired or was redeemed. Expired offers can be accessed through a link at the bottom of the Rewards Summary page. The page shows your expired offers in the last 90 days. Redeemed offers (for the current month and previous two months) are displayed in the  Enjoy column of the Rewards Summary page.  
Is the Purchase Rewards program FREE? Yes, this program is free! There is no cost associated with this program, making it easy for Cardholders to earn rewards. This new rewards program is just another benefit of using EECU's debit card. 
What is the benefit of the Purchase Rewards offers in my online banking account? This is a new program EECU is offering to help debit cardholders earn even more rewards. We bring you offers from the types of retailers you shop with every day.  
How long do I have to take advantage of a Purchase Rewards offer? Each offer has a time period that is set by the retailer. You must redeem offers before the expiration date, which can be found by clicking on the offer and viewing the details.  
How do I opt back in to Purchase Rewards? If youve opted out of the Purchase Rewards program but change your mind at a later time, please contact the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.  
Can I use another coupon or discount from this retailer when I redeem my Purchase Rewards offers? Yes, if the amount paid with your EECU debit card meets the requirements of the offer after the coupon or discount is applied.  
Is my personal information shared with retailers as part of the Purchase Rewards program? No. Your personal information is not shared with retailers. In fact, no personal information leaves EECU.  
Can I use any of my EECU cards to earn Purchase Rewards? To earn Purchase Rewards, you will need to use your EECU debit card that is associated with the account that received the offer.  
Do I need to use a coupon or code to earn Purchase Rewards? Typically, you do not need a coupon or code to redeem an offer. Each offer has different specifications regarding when and where you shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code. Please read the offer details to determine how to redeem each offer.  
What should I do if I receive the incorrect amount of Purchase Rewards? Each offer has different specifics regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. Check the Rewards Summary page on the website to ensure the purchase qualifies as redemption of the offer.  
Do I have to pay taxes on the Purchase Rewards I earn? No, you do not have to pay any taxes on your rewards. These rewards are similar to other coupons, except they are redeemed more easily by using your debit card.  
If I have more than one account, will I see the same Purchase Rewards offers on both accounts? Offers are matched on an account level, based on the purchases made with your EECU debit card for that account. If you make different purchases with different accounts, you will see different offers in those accounts. You must use your EECU debit card connected to that account to redeem the offers for that account.  
The three-digit security code on the back of my Debit Card has worn off, and I am unable to make online purchases without it. What should I do? Contact the credit union at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU to order a replacement card.  
Do I have to shop online to redeem my Purchase Rewards? Each offer has different specifics regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code.  
How can I view all of my Purchase Rewards offers and/or how can I tell what offers I am supposed to be credited for? To view all offers that you have redeemed, go to the Rewards Summary page. The page shows all offers you have received, those you have redeemed, and the specifics for each offer including the offer expiration date.  
Why is my Apple Pay transaction being denied? If you're paying with Apple Pay and you're using your debit card, choose 'Credit' on the payment terminal instead of 'Debit.' Some older terminals will not process Apple Pay transactions if you choose Debit.  
What is the number to activate my ATM/Debit or Credit Card? To activate your EECU ATM, Debit or Credit Card, call 888-691-8661.
How do I apply for an EECU Visa credit card? Complete a Loan Application on our web site to apply for an EECU Visa credit card. Or, contact the credit union at 1-800-538-3328 and apply by phone.  
How do I report a lost or stolen Visa credit card? Contact the credit union immediately at 1-800-538-3328 (including after hours) to report a lost or stolen EECU Visa credit card within the United States; outside the U.S. call collect +1-303-967-1096.  
What is the rate on your Visa credit card? Visit the Loans & Credit Cards page of our web site for detailed information about Visa credit card rates and benefits.  
Can I make a payment on my Visa credit card by transferring funds from my checking or savings account? Yes, you may use Online Access Home Banking to make a payment on your EECU Visa Credit Card by transferring funds from your checking or savings account to your Visa credit card account.  
How do I apply for a credit card limit increase? You may apply for a credit card limit increase by completing the loan application on our web site. You may also call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 or visit a branch and a representative will assist you.  
Can I transfer money from a non-EECU credit card to my EECU account? Yes. Please visit an EECU branch for assistance. Or, if you have a PIN for that card, you may use an ATM to withdraw cash and make a deposit into your EECU account at one of our ATMs.  
How do I transfer a balance to my EECU Visa credit card? To transfer balances to your EECU Visa, please visit any EECU branch office and speak to a representative. A balance transfer will be processed as a Visa cash advance, and a check or electronic payment will be sent to each of the merchants from whom you are transferring a balance.  
Do you charge for credit card cash advances and balance transfers? There is a fee for cash advances and balance transfers. Please visit the Visa Credit Cards Rates page on our website for the current fees.
Do you offer a credit card consolidation loan? We have a variety of loans for credit card consolidation. Our Budget Balancer and E-Z loans are popular options. In order to determine which loan is best for your individual needs, please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.  
Do you monitor my Visa credit card account activity for fraudulent transactions? We monitor your card activity for purchase patterns that are outside of your 'normal' activity. If we detect deviations from your normal activity, you may receive a call from our fraud specialists so they can try to determine if the suspect transaction is yours or not. Should the transaction not belong to you, the account can be immediately blocked to prevent any more deceptive transactions. We also offer fraud text alerts. We'll text you if a transaction seems suspicious. To enroll your EMV Debit and/or Credit Card in fraud text alerts, visit the ATM/Debit Card or Visa Credit Card pages on our website. If you see a charge on your statement that you did not authorize, be sure to call the credit union at 1-800-538-3328.  
Is there an annual fee for your Visa credit card? There is no annual fee for any EECU Visa credit card.  
How do I make a credit card cash advance at an ATM? Simply insert your credit card, enter your pin, and select “withdrawal.” Follow the on-screen prompts to complete your cash advance.  
How can I qualify for a lower rate on my credit card? If you already have an EECU Visa credit card and want to lower your rate, you can request a credit qualification for a lower rate. The rate will be based on credit history and other factors. If you qualify for a higher rate than you currently have, you will be allowed to remain at your current rate. Please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.  
What is the payment address for my EECU Visa? You may mail your EECU Visa payment to: Educational Employees Credit Union P.O. Box 37035 Boone, IA 50037-0035
My Visa card is expiring soon. When will a replacement card be sent? Your new Visa credit card will automatically be sent to the address we have on file for your account. The reissue of the card will occur in the month in which your current card expires.  
Will my credit card rate increase if I miss a payment? EECU does not have a penalty interest rate, however late payment fees may apply.  
Can I use my EECU debit or credit card outside of the United States? Yes, you may use your EECU debit or credit card outside of the U.S. To avoid interruption in service, it is a good idea to contact the credit union if you will be traveling outside the U.S. and you plan to use one of your cards.  
Can I receive both paper and electronic Visa statements? Once you enroll in Visa eStatements you will no longer receive a paper statement.  
Do you charge credit card late payment fees? Yes. Please visit the Visa Credit Card Rates page of our website for the current fee.  
Do you offer Visa Gift Cards? Yes. For more information about ordering a Visa Gift Card, please visit the Visa Gift Card page on our web site (in the Products menu under the Loans & Credit Cards sub-heading).  
Do you offer credit counseling? EECU's member education director and member service specialist are available to meet with members one-on-one and provide help with budgeting and personal finance. Additionally, EECU members have free access to services provided through ClearPoint Credit Counseling Solutions. ClearPoint has certified financial counselors who help develop budgets, work with collection companies, and provide other financial guidance. ClearPoint's phone number is 800.750.2227.  
Do I have to be enrolled in Online Access Home Banking to enroll in Visa eStatements? Yes, for your security your Visa eStatement is only available through our secure home banking system.  
Will I continue to receive a paper statement if I sign up for credit card eStatements? Once you enroll in credit card eStatements you will no longer receive a paper statement.  
How do I add an authorized user to my credit card account? Call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.  
How do I switch from electronic Visa statements back to paper? Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts screen. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and then select Resume Paper Statements. If you have more than one credit card, you will need to complete these steps for each card.  
How do I get copies of my Visa statement? You may visit a branch or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU. There is a fee for copies of Visa credit card statements.  
If I have more than one credit card, how do I view information for each card? Information for each card is displayed separately in Online Access. Click on each credit card from the main Accounts screen to see detailed information.  
Will my Visa eStatement look just like my paper statement? Yes, the electronic Visa statement is identical to the paper statement.  
How do I sign up for Visa eStatements? Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts screen. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and enter the requested information. If you have more than one credit card, you will need to complete the enrollment for each card.  
How do I make a Visa payment if I have Visa eStatements? The easiest way to make a Visa payment is to use the Transfer function in Online Access Home Banking. Simply select the suffix you want to transfer money from and select the Visa card as the account to which you are transferring the money. Enter the dollar amount and click the transfer button to confirm. Please note that transfers to your Visa account are posted on the transaction date but may take up to two business days to show in your online transaction history.  
How do I print my Visa eStatement? Once you open your Visa eStatement you will be able to print the statement by selecting File - Print.  
How to I create or change my Visa credit card PIN? You can create or change your credit card PIN by calling 1-888-891-2435. Remember, a PIN is not necessary for credit card purchases; you can use the PIN for cash advances at ATMs (refer to our Visa disclosure for the cash advance fee). You must call from the home or work phone number listed on your account. You'll need the following information: Your card number Last four digits of SSN Three-digit CVV code on back of card The four-digit PIN of your choice  
How do I change the e-mail address for my Visa eStatement notifications? Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts menu. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and click the edit link next to your email address.  
How do I transfer a credit card balance in Online Access? To transfer a balance from another financial institution credit card to your EECU credit card, simply login to Online Access and select your credit card from the Accounts screen. On the Credit Card screen, select the Account Services menu > Balance Transfer. Enter the requested information to complete the balance transfer.  
Who do I call if I have questions about redeeming my Platinum rewards points? If you have questions about redeeming points on the myEECU Rewards website, please call the rewards customer service department at 1-855-843-0466.
Can I save my Visa eStatement? Yes. The Visa eStatement is a PDF and you can choose Save As and save a copy to a location on your computer.  
How will I know when my Visa eStatement is available? You will receive an e-mail when your Visa eStatement is available to view in Online Access.  
What is the number to activate my Credit Card? To activate your EECU ATM, Debit or Credit Card, call 888-691-8661.