#DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE - Provide question in format querry?answer
How do I get more information regarding the online application to file insurance claim? You can contact your Account Manager, they can provide details that will assist you with your decision for online application.
How do I register online to Broadspire Teleplus system? You can register online to Broadspire Teleplus system by answering a few quick questions in the online application form and setting a User ID and password. Your Account Manager can also assist you with the registration process.
What information should I have handy to register online to Broadspire Teleplus system? You will need email address, name, address, phone & fax number of your company and two security questions to register online to Broadspire Teleplus system.
How long does it take to receive an ID and Password after registering online to Broadspire Teleplus system? Once your request for an ID and Password have been submitted, you will receive notification via Email with logon ID, password, and logon instructions within 48 hours from Broadspire Teleplus system.
Can I register to Broadspire Teleplus system over the phone? Registration to Broadspire Teleplus system must be completed on-line for us to gather the appropriate information about you.
Will I need training on the new Internet application of Broadspire Teleplus? The Broadspire Teleplus Internet Application has a help tip on every screen to guide you through claim entry. You can see a preview of the Internet Application from our File a Claim page.
How do I find out my id and password for Broadspire Teleplus system? You will be notified via email after registration is completed.
Will I get a hard copy of the insurance claim filed online to Broadspire Teleplus system? Normally, a hard copy of your insurance claim will either be faxed or mailed back to you. These procedures are usually established when your account is set up with Broadspire. Please contact your account manager if you have any further questions.
Can I print a copy of my insurance claim? Once the insurance claim is submitted, a copy of your insurance claim will be mailed back to you. No other printing options are available.
Can I view my insurance claims and the status of my insurance claims on-line? To check the status on your insurance claim, please call 1-866-830-2383.
Who has access to my information? When reporting an insurance claim, your data is entered in a secure environment and accessible only by the claim staff.
Who is my Agent, Broker, or Account Manager? You can contact the Customer Relations Dept at 866-830-2383 to know about your Agent, Broker or Account Manager.