#DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE - Provide line break between each line
If you have Online Access Home Banking you can update your address and contact information quickly and easily. Simply login and select My Settings in the upper right, then select Update Contact Information. You may also complete the Change of Address form on or website or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will be happy to assist you.    We need your signature in order to close your account. You may write a letter and mail or fax it to us, or visit an EECU branch to close your account. Our fax number is 559-451-0372.    For security purposes we are unable to provide any account information through e-mail. For your convenience, 1099 information is printed on the last page of your December statement.    If you have Online Access Home Banking you have immediate access to your current and past statements - at no charge. Or, you may visit any EECU branch or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 to request statement copies. Refer to our Schedule of Fees for the current statement copy fee.    We mail 1099 interest income tax forms in January. If you earned less than $10.00 of interest for the year, you will not receive a 1099 form from us. If this is the case, your December statement will show interest paid to you for the year.    To open a second account, you will need to fill out a Master Account Application. You may visit any branch office, or call our Member Service Center to have a form mailed to you. You may also apply online at https://www.myeecu.org/home/forms/membershipapplication. A completed signature card will be mailed to you for your signature. Upon receiving the signature card, you may return it to any branch office, or mail it to PO Box 5242, Fresno, CA 93755. Be sure to include the minimum deposit of $5.00 per member for the savings account, and an additional $5 if you open a checking account.    Dividends are paid on savings accounts with balances of $250 of more.    Federal Regulation D limits the number of transfers/withdrawals from your savings account each month to six (6) when using Personal Telephone Access, Online Access Home Banking, phone/fax, preauthorized automatic ACH transfers, and overdraft transfers. After the sixth transaction using one of these methods, all other savings account-related transactions will be denied, even if funds are available in the account. You can make unlimited transfers/withdrawals from your savings account at an ATM, in person at any EECU branch, or by mail.    To change your name, you may visit any branch office and request to complete a new Master Account Card (signature card). If the change is due to marriage, you will need to present your marriage certificate (legal document) as well as your California drivers license. All owners on the account must sign the new signature card to change your account information.  
 Our Holiday Wise Club account allows you to save for holiday expenses while earning a higher interest rate than you would receive on a regular share savings account. The account matures on November 1 and the funds and dividends are automatically transferred to your savings or checking account.    We do not offer safety deposit boxes, but many financial institutions do and will not require you to have an account in order to open a safety deposit box. You may want to call other institutions to find out which one will best suit your needs.    Yes, you may call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will be happy to assist you in opening a Holiday Wise Club account.    EECU is a full-service financial institution offering savings and checking accounts, Share and IRA certificates, consumer and real estate loans, Visa credit cards, investment and insurance services, and much more. For more information about our products and services, please browse the product page of our website or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328    You may transfer funds from your Holiday Wise Club account to your checking account by visiting any branch office or calling our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU. Please be advised that early withdrawals/transfers from your Holiday Wise Club, prior to Club year end on October 31, will result in the loss of all dividends paid through the club year.    If you have Online Access Home Banking, login to our full site and complete the Traveling Members form in the Additional Services menu. Or, you may call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.    As a courtesy to our members who have had changes to their accounts and are still expecting electronic deposits, Educational Employees Credit Union will manually post all electronic deposits for a period of 60 days regardless of the frequency of those deposits. If you regularly monitor your account and you do not see a deposit being made within the time that it is expected, please notify us by e-mail or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and we will look into the matter for you.    You will need to complete a new signature card in order to add your spouse to your account. You may e-mail us with your request, or call the Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.    You may e-mail us with your request, or call the Member Service Center at 437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.    Our membership is open to school employees, students, members of school organizations, and their family members. Once you're a member you create eligibility for other family members and household members. Family members include spouses, parents, registered domestic partners, children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, grandparents, siblings, step-parents, step-children, step-siblings, and adoptive relationships; household members are defined as those persons living in the same residence and maintaining a single economic unit. If your registered domestic partner qualifies for membership based on these guidelines, that person is eligible to open an account. If your partner does not qualify for membership under our guidelines or on his/her own, you are welcome to add your partner as a Joint Owner on your account.  
 We do not offer savings bonds, however you may purchase them online from the federal government. For more information, visit their web site at http://www.publicdebt.treas.gov/.    Yes, we offer Traditional and Roth Individual Retirement Accounts. Both are available as IRA Share Savings or IRA Share Certificate accounts. We also offer the Coverdell Education Savings Account. To open an IRA, please call the Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 or visit any EECU branch.    Once a member, always a member. As long as you keep $5 in your savings account ($10 for joint membership), your credit union account will remain open and you can continue to enjoy the benefits of EECU membership.    Yes, EECU offers revocable trust accounts. A revocable trust can be changed by the Trustor(s) of the account. By establishing a trust, members can avoid having their assets go through the probate courts which may involve excessive delays, high costs and unnecessary publicity. For more information regarding a Trust account and how it may benefit you, we recommend consulting a legal professional.    Resumes may be sent to our email address, jobs@myeecu.org. Our preferred format is Microsoft Word or plain text. You may also mail your resume to Educational Employees Credit Union, P.O. Box 5242, Fresno, CA 93755, or pick up an employment application at any EECU branch.    If you already have an account with the credit union and you qualified for membership under our guidelines, you may add a Joint Owner to your account. A new Master Account Card will need to be completed to add a Joint Owner.    Yes. Children under 18 with a Social Security Number who meet our eligibility requirements can become a member of the credit union. The parent or legal guardian is required to be a Joint Owner on the account unless the minor can complete the account card, sign their name and provide a photo ID. For a checking account, ATM Card or access to the account using Personal Telephone Access (PTA) or Online Access Home Banking, a parent/guardian Joint Owner is required. The parent must sign for the child if the child can not, as well as sign for themselves. Minor accounts earn dividends on balances above $0.    You may enroll a minor account in Online Access; however, a parent or guardian on the account is required to sign the application. You may apply for this service by visiting one of our branch locations or by contacting EECU at 1-800-538-3328.    We do not exchange foreign currency. You might want to check with an airport since some airports deal in foreign currency, or check with other financial institutions to see if they offer this service.    If you do not have a checking account or electronic access such as an ATM/Debit card, your statement is only sent quarterly. If you would like to request that your statements be sent to you monthly, please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.    Because we do not offer savings bonds, we are unable to redeem them.    Our Member Investment and Insurance Services investment professionals can help you design an investment plan to meet your goals and objectives. You can meet one-on-one at a branch location that is convenient for you, and it is easy to schedule an appointment. 
 For more information or to schedule an appointment, visit our web site and select Investments from the Services menu, or call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.    If you are an existing member of Educational Employees Credit Union, you may open a sub-share account by mail or telephone. Please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and a representative will assist you.    Yes. The ideal way in which to remove a joint owner from the account is to visit one of our branch locations and have the person who is to be removed from the account sign a release of interest card. You will then be required to fill out and sign a form to update your account. If this is not an option, you may close the current account and open a new one in your name only.    EECU values the trust that you place in us to protect the personal information you provide when obtaining financial services. We do not share your personal information with outside third parties for reasons other than those described in the Privacy Policy on our website. Because we do not share information, our Privacy Policy is fairly simple and easy to understand.    Due to the structure of accounts at EECU, the beneficiary you designate for one suffix is the beneficiary of all share suffixes, share draft (checking) and other share certificates listed for that account number. However, if you would like to designate a single beneficiary for a suffix or certificate, you may do so by opening a separate account. The person you designate would then be beneficiary to only the suffixes and/or certificates on that account.    You will need to complete and sign a new membership card so we may update our records with the correct information.  California's Unclaimed Property Law stipulates that the balance of accounts with no activity for the last three years be remitted to the state controller's office as abandoned property. If you do not deposit to, withdraw from, or show a personal interest in your credit union account, the balance will become unclaimed property and will be escheated to the state. In order to prevent escheatment, you must show a continuing interest by making a deposit to or withdrawal from your account.    There are several ways to update your contact information. Login to Online Access Home Banking and select My Settings (top right menu), then select Update Contact Information. You may also complete the change of address form on our website. Or, give us a call at 1-800-538-3328.  Contact the credit union immediately at 1-800-538-3328 (including after hours) to report a lost or stolen EECU ATM/Debit Card.    Depending on the card type, you may withdraw $100 - $500 per day. Feel free to contact the credit union at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538EECU for more information regarding your specific card limit.    Visit any branch or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU. Your damaged card will be disabled and a replacement card will be ordered for you.    If you'd like to change your Visa Debit Card PIN, call PIN Now at 1-888-891-2435 from the number on file for your account; the PIN will be effective immediately.    Contact the credit union as soon as possible at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU Monday  Friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., and Saturday 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.  
 A Debit Card works just like a standard ATM card, but with one big advantage - you can use your Debit Card at any merchant displaying the Visa logo. The purchase amount is deducted from your checking account, and you will receive a monthly statement of your Debit Card activity.    We will send you a new card prior to the expiration date shown on the front of the card. If you do not receive a card prior to the expiration date, please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.    You don't have to sign up or enroll in Purchase Rewards. Simply use your EECU ATM/Debit card to make purchases and the Purchase Rewards offers will be displayed in Online Access.  Educational Employees Credit Union is unable to change the withdrawal limits for ATM transactions. However, if you prefer to make a purchase with your card at the point of sale, we may be able to temporarily increase your purchase limit. Currently, most purchases by debit card are limited to $2500 in transactions per day. Please contact our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU and a representative will assist you.    If the ATM is part of the CO-OP ATM Network, youll see a sticker on the ATM with the CO-OP logo. If you see this logo, you can use the ATM free of charge.    There are no fees for using your EECU ATM or Debit Card at any EECU ATM or CO-OP ATM. However, some financial institutions impose a surcharge fee at their ATM if you're not their customer. EECU may also charge network fees if you use an ATM other than EECU or CO-OP ATMs.    In the full site, the Purchase Reward offers are displayed on the Accounts screen and the Checking Account transactions screen. New offers will be labeled as New Offers until you click to activate them. Once clicked, the reward is loaded onto the associated debit card. Simply click on an offer to view the details. To view Purchase Rewards in the mobile app, login and select the More icon and then select Offers.    The Purchase Rewards program lets you earn rewards by using your EECU debit card to purchase merchandise and services. The program is available to all debit cardholders. Through this program, you'll receive targeted offers to receive rewards on purchases based on how you shop. As a cardholder, there is no limit to the rewards you can earn. So, the more you use your EECU debit card, the more offers you can receive and the more rewards you can earn!    Offers are based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to your shopping patterns. If you don't frequently use your debit card, you may not be receiving any offers. The more you use your EECU debit card, the more chances you will have to receive relevant offers!    If you use your ATM card at a non-EECU ATM you may incur network fees from the other financial institution. If an EECU ATM is not in your area, we recommend using a Co-Op ATM. Withdrawals, deposits and transfers made at a Co-Op ATM are fee-free. The Co-Op logo is printed on the back of your ATM/debit card; look for this logo on the ATM. For non-Co-Op ATMs, the network charges $0.50 for inquiries, and $1.00 for cash withdrawals and transfers. EECU does not charge nor do we benefit from those fees, and they may vary from location to location. 
 A prompt or disclaimer should appear before the transaction is completed, subject to applicable laws.    To stop a purchase made online with your EECU debit card, we recommend contacting the merchant to whom the payment was made and try to cancel the transaction. If this is not possible you may call our Member Service Center to block your card, however it may take up to 10 business days to issue you a replacement card. If the payment to which you are referring is fraudulent, you may submit a letter of dispute to EECU, however this will also result in blocking your debit card. Please call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538EECU and one of our representatives will assist you.    Co-Op is a network of credit unions that agree to let other credit union members use their ATMs without paying a surcharge fee.    Please ask an EECU representative about getting a debit card associated with that account so you can start taking advantage of your offers!    To redeem the offer, simply click on it to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then, shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward. Each offer has different details regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code. Please read the details to determine how to redeem each offer and start earning rewards.    You can make withdrawals, transfers, and balance inquiries. If you see the Co-Op Deposit logo you can also make a deposit at the ATM  free of charge!    Each offer received through the rewards program is based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to you. Since everyones transaction history is different, there is no specific way to get someone elses offer other than to have the same transactional history as that Cardholder. Q: I recently purchased gas and my EECU account shows the gas station taking out a different amount than I purchased. Why are the amounts    It is common practice with some gas stations to place a hold on debit cards for $1-$100 until the actual debit is completed, depending on the policy of the merchant. Educational Employees Credit Union is not able to release or dispute pre-authorization holds that merchants place on debit cards. The good news is that pre-authorization holds do not result in a real charge; they are just a temporary. The amount that is debited from your account is the amount shown on your receipt.    Our ATM department carefully audits all ATM transactions. When a difference is found between what was entered electronically and what was deposited, an adjustment is made accordingly. Depending on the type of error, you may be informed about the transaction and correction.    No, once an offer has expired there is no way to retrieve it. You can view expiration dates for all your offers on the rewards summary page.    Yes, you will keep any rewards earned.  To redeem the offer, simply click on it to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward. Each offer has different details regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. 
 If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code. Please read the details to determine how to redeem each offer and start earning rewards.    Generally speaking there is no adverse action that will result from the lack of endorsing a check, unless an endorsement is required by the maker of the check. This stipulation usually applies to government-issued checks such as Tax Return checks, checks from mortgage companies, etc. If the check you deposited does not require an endorsement and you are the only payee on the check, your deposit should process without delay.    This rewards program is based on how you currently shop, so the offers you receive are relevant to you. The more you use your EECU debit card, the more chances you have to receive offers. To earn rewards, click on an offer to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your debit card. Then shop at the specified retailer and pay using your debit card to earn the reward.    Rewards are not received at the point of purchase because no personally identifiable information is passed to the retailers. On average, you will receive rewards for redeemed offers approximately one month after the month the redemptions were made. For example, redemptions made in September will typically be credited to your account at the end of October. Check the rewards summary page on the website to ensure the purchase qualifies as redemption of the offer.    Yes. Go to our web site, myEECU.org, and enter your search criteria in the ATM/Branch Locator tool on the home page. All of the Co-Op ATMs that meet your search criteria will be listed; you can view directions or send the information via e-mail.  If youre traveling within the United States, the quickest way to find an EECU or CO-OP ATM is through our mobile app or via text message. Just select the Locations option in our mobile app and enter your search criteria. You can also send a text message to MYCOOP with your location (address, city, state), zip code or intersection (with city, state) and we'll text you back with the closest ATM location. We also have a locator tool on our web site, myEECU.org. If you're traveling outside the United States, visit the Cirrus web site. Q: When do I receive the rewards for the Purchase Reward offers I    Your rewards will typically be deposited to your account the month after you redeem the offer. Since we do not share your personal information with retailers, we cannot credit your account immediately at the time of purchase. For example, any rewards you redeem in the month of September typically will be credited to your account at the end of October. If you would like to see the offers you have redeemed or the total value of the offers you have redeemed, please visit the rewards summary page. Q: What is the difference between using my debit card as a debit    At the time of a purchase, whether you opt for "credit" or "debit" the funds will come from the same source, your checking account. The Visa logo on the card allows you to use the card anywhere Visa is accepted. Once a purchase is made, the funds are either debited immediately from the account or they are placed on hold until the merchant completes the transaction. Either way the funds are no longer available in the account. 
 For more information about your EECU debit card, please visit us at www.myEECU.org and click on "e-Services," ATM/Debit Card and read the Electronic Services Disclosure.    EECU's board of directors approved waiving the network fees for our members who use CO-OP ATMs. So, you wont pay a surcharge fee at CO-OP ATMs and you also wont pay any network fees. In fact, youll pay no fees at all!    A surcharge fee is imposed by a financial institution to offset the cost of non-members/customers using their ATMs. A network fee is charged by the network (Cirrus, Star, etc.) to process your transaction at an ATM that is not owned by your financial institution. Q: Will blocking my debit card create an issue with checks clearing my    Your debit card and checks are separate access tools to your checking account and the numbers of the debit card do not coincide with your checks. If it is necessary to block your debit card, it will have no affect on your checks unless you also inform EECU that your checks have been compromised. Q: What should I do if I saw a Purchase Rewards offer earlier, but    The offer either expired or was redeemed. Expired offers can be accessed through a link at the bottom of the Rewards Summary page. The page shows your expired offers in the last 90 days. Redeemed offers (for the current month and previous two months) are displayed in the  Enjoy column of the Rewards Summary page.    Yes, this program is free! There is no cost associated with this program, making it easy for Cardholders to earn rewards. This new rewards program is just another benefit of using EECU's debit card. Q: What is the benefit of the Purchase Rewards offers in my online    This is a new program EECU is offering to help debit cardholders earn even more rewards. We bring you offers from the types of retailers you shop with every day.    Each offer has a time period that is set by the retailer. You must redeem offers before the expiration date, which can be found by clicking on the offer and viewing the details.    If youve opted out of the Purchase Rewards program but change your mind at a later time, please contact the Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU.    Yes, if the amount paid with your EECU debit card meets the requirements of the offer after the coupon or discount is applied.   No. Your personal information is not shared with retailers. In fact, no personal information leaves EECU.    To earn Purchase Rewards, you will need to use your EECU debit card that is associated with the account that received the offer.    Typically, you do not need a coupon or code to redeem an offer. Each offer has different specifications regarding when and where you shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code. Please read the offer details to determine how to redeem each offer.    Each offer has different specifics regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. Check the Rewards Summary page on the website to ensure the purchase qualifies as redemption of the offer.    No, you do not have to pay any taxes on your rewards. These rewards are similar to other coupons, except they are redeemed more easily by using your debit card.  
 Offers are matched on an account level, based on the purchases made with your EECU debit card for that account. If you make different purchases with different accounts, you will see different offers in those accounts. You must use your EECU debit card connected to that account to redeem the offers for that account.    Contact the credit union at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU to order a replacement card.    Each offer has different specifics regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. If the offer requires an online purchase it will be disclosed in the offer details and may also include an online redemption code.    To view all offers that you have redeemed, go to the Rewards Summary page. The page shows all offers you have received, those you have redeemed, and the specifics for each offer including the offer expiration date.    If you're paying with Apple Pay and you're using your debit card, choose "Credit" on the payment terminal instead of "Debit." Some older terminals will not process Apple Pay transactions if you choose Debit.    To activate your EECU ATM, Debit or Credit Card, call 888-691-8661.  Complete a Loan Application on our web site to apply for an EECU Visa credit card. Or, contact the credit union at 1-800-538-3328 and apply by phone.    Contact the credit union immediately at 1-800-538-3328 (including after hours) to report a lost or stolen EECU Visa credit card within the United States; outside the U.S. call collect +1-303-967-1096.    Visit the Loans & Credit Cards page of our web site for detailed information about Visa credit card rates and benefits.    Yes, you may use Online Access Home Banking to make a payment on your EECU Visa Credit Card by transferring funds from your checking or savings account to your Visa credit card account.    You may apply for a credit card limit increase by completing the loan application on our web site. You may also call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 or visit a branch and a representative will assist you.    Yes. Please visit an EECU branch for assistance. Or, if you have a PIN for that card, you may use an ATM to withdraw cash and make a deposit into your EECU account at one of our ATMs.    To transfer balances to your EECU Visa, please visit any EECU branch office and speak to a representative. A balance transfer will be processed as a Visa cash advance, and a check or electronic payment will be sent to each of the merchants from whom you are transferring a balance.    There is a fee for cash advances and balance transfers. Please visit the Visa Credit Cards Rates page on our website for the current fees.  We have a variety of loans for credit card consolidation. Our Budget Balancer and E-Z loans are popular options. In order to determine which loan is best for your individual needs, please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328.    We monitor your card activity for purchase patterns that are outside of your "normal" activity. If we detect deviations from your normal activity, you may receive a call from our fraud specialists so they can try to determine if the suspect transaction is yours or not. Should the transaction not belong to you, the account can be immediately blocked to prevent any more deceptive transactions. We also offer fraud text alerts. 
 We'll text you if a transaction seems suspicious. To enroll your EMV Debit and/or Credit Card in fraud text alerts, visit the ATM/Debit Card or Visa Credit Card pages on our website. If you see a charge on your statement that you did not authorize, be sure to call the credit union at 1-800-538-3328.    There is no annual fee for any EECU Visa credit card.    Simply insert your credit card, enter your pin, and select “withdrawal.” Follow the on-screen prompts to complete your cash advance.    If you already have an EECU Visa credit card and want to lower your rate, you can request a credit qualification for a lower rate. The rate will be based on credit history and other factors. If you qualify for a higher rate than you currently have, you will be allowed to remain at your current rate. Please call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.    You may mail your EECU Visa payment to: Educational Employees Credit Union P.O. Box 37035 Boone, IA 50037-0035A: Your new Visa credit card will automatically be sent to the address we have on file for your account. The reissue of the card will occur in the month in which your current card expires.    EECU does not have a penalty interest rate, however late payment fees may apply.    Yes, you may use your EECU debit or credit card outside of the U.S. To avoid interruption in service, it is a good idea to contact the credit union if you will be traveling outside the U.S. and you plan to use one of your cards.    Once you enroll in Visa eStatements you will no longer receive a paper statement.    Yes. Please visit the Visa Credit Card Rates page of our website for the current fee.    Yes. For more information about ordering a Visa Gift Card, please visit the Visa Gift Card page on our web site (in the Products menu under the Loans & Credit Cards sub-heading).    EECU's member education director and member service specialist are available to meet with members one-on-one and provide help with budgeting and personal finance. Additionally, EECU members have free access to services provided through ClearPoint Credit Counseling Solutions. ClearPoint has certified financial counselors who help develop budgets, work with collection companies, and provide other financial guidance. ClearPoint's phone number is 800.750.2227.    Yes, for your security your Visa eStatement is only available through our secure home banking system.    Once you enroll in credit card eStatements you will no longer receive a paper statement.    Call our Member Service Center at 1-800-538-3328 and a representative will assist you.    Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts screen. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and then select Resume Paper Statements. If you have more than one credit card, you will need to complete these steps for each card.    You may visit a branch or call our Member Service Center at 559-437-7700 or 1-800-538-EECU. There is a fee for copies of Visa credit card statements.    Information for each card is displayed separately in Online Access. Click on each credit card from the main Accounts screen to see detailed information.    Yes, the electronic Visa statement is identical to the paper statement.  
 Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts screen. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and enter the requested information. If you have more than one credit card, you will need to complete the enrollment for each card.    The easiest way to make a Visa payment is to use the Transfer function in Online Access Home Banking. Simply select the suffix you want to transfer money from and select the Visa card as the account to which you are transferring the money. Enter the dollar amount and click the transfer button to confirm. Please note that transfers to your Visa account are posted on the transaction date but may take up to two business days to show in your online transaction history.    Once you open your Visa eStatement you will be able to print the statement by selecting File - Print.    You can create or change your credit card PIN by calling 1-888-891-2435. Remember, a PIN is not necessary for credit card purchases; you can use the PIN for cash advances at ATMs (refer to our Visa disclosure for the cash advance fee). You must call from the home or work phone number listed on your account. You'll need the following information: Your card number Last four digits of SSN Three-digit CVV code on back of card The four-digit PIN of your choice    Login to Online Access and select the credit card from the main Accounts menu. Select eStatements from the Account Info menu and click the edit link next to your email address.    To transfer a balance from another financial institution credit card to your EECU credit card, simply login to Online Access and select your credit card from the Accounts screen. On the Credit Card screen, select the Account Services menu > Balance Transfer. Enter the requested information to complete the balance transfer.    If you have questions about redeeming points on the myEECU Rewards website, please call the rewards customer service department at 1-855-843-0466.  Yes. The Visa eStatement is a PDF and you can choose Save As and save a copy to a location on your computer.    You will receive an e-mail when your Visa eStatement is available to view in Online Access.    To activate your EECU ATM, Debit or Credit Card, call 888-691-8661. Federal Trade Commission | For many people, electronic banking means 24-hour access to cash through an automated teller machine (ATM) or Direct Deposit of paychecks into checking or savings accounts. But electronic banking involves many different types of transactions, rights, responsibilities — and sometimes, fees. Do your research. You may find some electronic banking services more practical for your lifestyle than others.Electronic Fund TransfersElectronic banking, also known as electronic fund transfer (EFT), uses computer and electronic technology in place of checks and other paper transactions. EFTs are initiated through devices like cards or codes that let you, or those you authorize, access your account. Many financial institutions use ATM or debit cards and Personal Identification Numbers (PINs) for this purpose. Some use other types of debit cards that require your signature or a scan. For example, some use radio frequency identification (RFID) or other forms of “contactless” technology that scan your information without direct contact with you. 
 The federal Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFT Act) covers some electronic consumer transactions.Here are some common EFT services:ATMs are electronic terminals that let you bank almost virtually any time. To withdraw cash, make deposits, or transfer funds between accounts, you generally insert an ATM card and enter your PIN. Some financial institutions and ATM owners charge a fee, particularly if you don’t have accounts with them or if your transactions take place at remote locations. Generally, ATMs must tell you they charge a fee and the amount on or at the terminal screen before you complete the transaction. Check with your institution and at ATMs you use for more information about these fees.Direct Deposit lets you authorize specific deposits — like paychecks, Social Security checks, and other benefits — to your account on a regular basis. You also may pre-authorize direct withdrawals so that recurring bills — like insurance premiums, mortgages, utility bills, and gym memberships — are paid automatically. Be cautious before you pre-authorize recurring withdrawals to pay companies you aren’t familiar with; funds from your bank account could be withdrawn improperly. Monitor your bank account to make sure direct recurring payments take place and are for the right amount.Pay-by-Phone Systems let you call your financial institution with instructions to pay certain bills or to transfer funds between accounts. You must have an agreement with your institution to make these transfers.Personal Computer Banking lets you handle many banking transactions using your personal computer. For example, you may use your computer to request transfers between accounts and pay bills electronically.Debit Card Purchase or Payment Transactions let you make purchases or payments with a debit card, which also may be your ATM card. Transactions can take place in-person, online, or by phone. The process is similar to using a credit card, with some important exceptions: a debit card purchase or payment transfers money quickly from your bank account to the company’s account, so you have to have sufficient funds in your account to cover your purchase. This means you need to keep accurate records of the dates and amounts of your debit card purchases, payments, and ATM withdrawals. Be sure you know the store or business before you provide your debit card information to avoid the possible loss of funds through fraud. Your liability for unauthorized use, and your rights for dealing with errors, may be different for a debit card than a credit card.Electronic Check Conversion converts a paper check into an electronic payment in a store or when a company gets your check in the mail.When you give your check to a cashier in a store, the check is run through an electronic system that captures your banking information and the amount of the check. You sign a receipt and you get a copy for your records. When your check is given back to you, it should be voided or marked by the merchant so that it can’t be used again. The merchant electronically sends information from the check (but not the check itself) to your bank or other financial institution, and the funds are transferred into the merchant’s account.
 When you mail a check for payment to a merchant or other company, they may electronically send information from your check (but not the check itself) through the system; the funds are transferred from your account into their account. For a mailed check, you still should get notice from a company that expects to send your check information through the system electronically. For example, the company might include the notice on your monthly statement. The notice also should state if the company will electronically collect a fee from your account — like a “bounced check” fee — if you don’t have enough money to cover the transaction.Be careful with online and telephone transactions that may involve the use of your bank account information, rather than a check. A legitimate merchant that lets you use your bank account information to make a purchase or pay on an account should post information about the process on its website or explain the process on the phone. The merchant also should ask for your permission to electronically debit your bank account for the item you’re buying or paying on. However, because online and telephone electronic debits don’t occur face-to-face, be cautious about sharing your bank account information. Don’t give out this information when you have no experience with the business, when you didn’t initiate the call, or when the business seems reluctant to discuss the process with you. Check your bank account regularly to be sure that the right amounts were transferred.Not all electronic fund transfers are covered by the EFT Act. For example, some financial institutions and merchants issue cards with cash value stored electronically on the card itself. Examples include prepaid phone cards, mass transit passes, general purpose reloadable cards, and some gift cards. These “stored-value” cards, as well as transactions using them, may not be covered by the EFT Act, or they may be subject to different rules under the EFT Act. This means you may not be covered for the loss or misuse of the card. Ask your financial institution or merchant about any protections offered for these cards.For details, see Gift Cards at consumer.ftc.gov.DisclosuresTo understand your rights and responsibilities for your EFTs, read the documents you get from the financial institution that issued your “access device” – the card, code or other way you access your account to transfer money electronically. Although the method varies by institution, it often involves a card and/or a PIN. No one should know your PIN but you and select employees at your financial institution. You also should read the documents you receive for your bank account, which may contain more information about EFTs.Before you contract for EFT services or make your first electronic transfer, the institution must give you the following information in a format you can keep...a summary of your liability for unauthorized transfers ..the phone number and address for a contact if you think an unauthorized transfer has been or may be made, the institution’s “business days” (when the institution is open to the public for normal business), and the number of days you have to report suspected unauthorized transfers ..the type of transfers you can make, fees for transfers, and any limits on the frequency and dollar amount of transfers .
 A summary of your right to get documentation of transfers and to stop payment on a pre-authorized transfer, and how you stop payment ..a notice describing how to report an error on a receipt for an EFT or your statement, to request more information about a transfer listed on your statement, and how long you have to make your report ..a summary of the institution’s liability to you if it fails to make or stop certain transactions ..circumstances when the institution will share information about your account with third parties ..a notice that you may have to pay a fee charged by operators of ATMs where you don’t have an account, for an EFT or a balance inquiry at the ATM, and charged by networks to complete the transfer. You also will get two more types of information for most transactions: terminal receipts and periodic statements. Separate rules apply to deposit accounts from which pre-authorized transfers are drawn. For example, pre-authorized transfers from your account need your written or similar authorization, and a copy of that authorization must be given to you. Additional information about pre-authorized transfers is in your contract with the financial institution for that account. You’re entitled to a terminal receipt each time you initiate an electronic transfer, whether you use an ATM or make a point-of-sale electronic transfer, for transfers over $15. The receipt must show the amount and date of the transfer, and its type, like “from savings to checking.” It also must show a number or code that identifies the account, and list the terminal location and other information. When you make a point-of-sale transfer, you’ll probably get your terminal receipt from the salesperson.You won’t get a terminal receipt for regularly occurring electronic payments that you’ve pre-authorized, like insurance premiums, mortgages, or utility bills. Instead, these transfers will appear on your statement. If the pre-authorized payments vary, however, you should get a notice of the amount that will be debited at least 10 days before the debit takes place.You’re also entitled to a periodic statement for each statement cycle in which an electronic transfer is made. The statement must show the amount of any transfer, the date it was credited or debited to your account, the type of transfer and type of account(s) to or from which funds were transferred, the account number, the amount of any fees charged, the account balances at the beginning and end of the statement cycle, and the address and phone number for inquiries. You’re entitled to a quarterly statement whether or not electronic transfers were made.Keep and compare your EFT receipts with your periodic statements the same way you compare your credit card receipts with your monthly credit card statement. This will help you make the best use of your rights under federal law to dispute errors and avoid liability for unauthorized transfers.ErrorsYou have 60 days from the date a periodic statement containing a problem or error was sent to you to notify your financial institution. The best way to protect yourself if an error occurs is to notify the financial institution by certified letter. Ask for a return receipt so you can prove that the institution got your letter. Keep a copy of the letter for your records.Under federal law, the institution has no obligation to conduct an investigation if you miss the 60-day deadline.
 Once you’ve notified the financial institution about an error on your statement, it has 10 business days to investigate. The institution must tell you the results of its investigation within three business days after completing it, and must correct an error within one business day after determining that the error has occurred. An institution usually is permitted to take more time — up to 45 days — to complete the investigation, but only if the money in dispute is returned to your account and you’re notified promptly of the credit. At the end of the investigation, if no error has been found, the institution may take the money back if it sends you a written explanation.An error also may occur in connection with a point-of-sale purchase with a debit card. For example, an oil company might give you a debit card that lets you pay for gas directly from your bank account. Or you may have a debit card that can be used for a various types of retail purchases. These purchases will appear on your bank statement. In case of an error on your account, however, you should contact the card issuer (for example, the oil company or bank) at the address or phone number provided by the company for errors. Once you’ve notified the company about the error, it has 10 business days to investigate and tell you the results. In this situation, it may take up to 90 days to complete an investigation, if the money in dispute is returned to your account and you’re notified promptly of the credit. If no error is found at the end of the investigation, the institution may take back the money if it sends you a written explanation.Lost or Stolen ATM or Debit CardsIf your credit card is lost or stolen, you can’t lose more than $50. If someone uses your ATM or debit card without your permission, you can lose much more.If you report an ATM or debit card missing to the institution that issues the card before someone uses the card without your permission, you can’t be responsible for any unauthorized withdrawals. But if unauthorized use occurs before you report it, the amount you can be responsible for depends on how quickly you report the loss to the card issuer...If you report the loss within two business days after you realize your card is missing, you won’t be responsible for more than $50 of unauthorized use. ..If you report the loss within 60 days after your statement is mailed to you, you could lose as much as $500 because of an unauthorized transfer. ..If you don’t report an unauthorized use of your card within 60 days after the card issuer mails your statement to you, you risk unlimited loss; you could lose all the money in that account, the unused portion of your maximum line of credit established for overdrafts, and maybe more. If an extenuating circumstance, like lengthy travel or illness, keeps you from notifying the card issuer within the time allowed, the notification period must be extended. In addition, if state law or your contract imposes lower liability limits than the federal EFT Act, the lower limits apply.Once you report the loss or theft of your ATM or debit card to the card issuer, you’re not responsible for additional unauthorized use. Because unauthorized transfers may appear on your statements, though, read each statement you receive after you’ve reported the loss or theft. 
 If the statement shows transfers that you didn’t make or that you need more information about, contact the card issuer immediately, using the special procedures it provided for reporting errors.For more information, see Lost or Stolen Credit, ATM, and Debit Cards at consumer.ftc.gov.Overdrafts for One-Time Debit Card Transactions and ATM CardsIf you make a one-time purchase or payment with your debit card or use your ATM card and don’t have sufficient funds, an overdraft can occur. Your bank must get your permission to charge you a fee to pay for your overdraft on a one-time debit card transaction or ATM transaction. They also must send you a notice and get your opt-in agreement before charging you.For accounts that you already have, unless you opt-in, the transaction will be declined if you don’t have the funds to pay it, and you can’t be charged an overdraft fee. If you open a new account, the bank can’t charge you an overdraft fee for your one-time debit card or ATM transactions, either, unless you opt-in to the fees. The bank will give you a notice about opting-in when you open the account, and you can decide whether to opt-in. If you opt-in, you can cancel any time; if you don’t opt-in, you can do it later.These rules do not apply to recurring payments from your account. For those transactions, your bank can enroll you in their usual overdraft coverage. If you don’t want the coverage (and the fees), contact your bank to see if they will let you discontinue it for those payments.Limited Stop-Payment PrivilegesWhen you use an electronic fund transfer, the EFT Act does not give you the right to stop payment. If your purchase is defective or your order isn’t delivered, it’s as if you paid cash: It’s up to you to resolve the problem with the seller and get your money back.One exception: If you arranged for recurring payments out of your account to third parties, like insurance companies or utilities, you can stop payment if you notify your institution at least three business days before the scheduled transfer. The notice may be written or oral, but the institution may require a written follow-up within 14 days of your oral notice. If you don’t follow-up in writing, the institution’s responsibility to stop payment ends.Although federal law provides limited rights to stop payment, financial institutions may offer more rights or state laws may require them. If this feature is important to you, shop around to be sure you’re getting the best “stop-payment” terms available.Additional RightsThe EFT Act protects your right of choice in two specific situations: First, financial institutions can’t require you to repay a loan by preauthorized electronic transfers. Second, if you’re required to get your salary or government benefit check by EFT, you can choose the institution where those payments will be deposited.For More Information and ComplaintsIf you decide to use EFT, keep these tips in mind:..Take care of your ATM or debit card. Know where it is at all times; if you lose it, report it as soon as possible. ..Choose a PIN for your ATM or debit card that’s different from your address, telephone number, Social Security number, or birthdate. This will make it more difficult for a thief to use your card. ..Keep and compare your receipts for all types of EFT transactions with your statements so you can find errors or unauthorized transfers and report them.